README.md, before:

# DataSymmetry
Target: Store SHA3 - 512bit (64Byte) on the Ethereum Blockchain.

**Context**: To be able to proof ownership over data, it is essential to entanglement the data with Account and Time to be able to put Data into Spacetime.
This is a MVP which proofs that the owner of the Wallet (Account) wrote a SHA3 Hash of a data structure to the main-chain and with it entangles it with time through the transaction done and witnessed on the Ethereum Blockchain. The SHA3 Hash can be the result of a file or a merkle-tree. With the source data statically stored and preserved it is possible to proof the existence and potential ownership over that digital asset.

## Dependencies
1. yarn command line tool;
2. sha3sum command line tool (-a 512) $FILENAME
3. [Alchemy API Key](https://dashboard.alchemyapi.io/) or access to an Ethereum node for advanced users;
4. [Ethereum Wallet e.g. Metamask](https://metamask.io/download) (Recommended: Metamask);
5. [Blockchain Explorer e.g. Etherscan.io](https://etherscan.io/)
6. Top up your Ethereum Wallet to be able to pay for transactions by using a Faucet for a test network or by using real Ether for mainnet deployment.

# Use existing event writer contract

IMPORTANT: You don't need to deploy the contract to the mainnet as it already is deployed and can be used under the 
Smart Contract address: 0x45f59310ADD88E6d23ca58A0Fa7A55BEE6d2a611. Ensure that you are formatting the data input correctly to follow the following structure: [0x$HEXVALUE32BYTE,0x$HEXVALUE32BYTE]. For a SHA3 64 Byte Hash you need to split it in two 32 Byte pieces and provide them in the correct format for the Smart Contract to accept your input.

Helpful tools for manual parsing of the SHA3 hash to create the two 32 Byte hex values are [Generate SHA3 Online](https://www.browserling.com/tools/sha3-hash) [Count Characters Online](https://www.charactercountonline.com/).

For generating the SHA3 hash for a file from the Linux command line you can use:
`sha3sum -a 512 $FILENAME`

# Deploy your own (event) writer contract

## Test
`yarn run test`

## Deploy
### Local test environment
**prepare**: get a local node with `npm run node` 

**deploy**: `yarn run testWriterDeploy` or `yarn run testEventWriterDeploy`

### Ropsten
**prepare**: replace `ALCHEMY_API_KEY` and `ROPSTEN_PRIVATE_KEY`* in `hardhat.config.js`
`*You need to export a Ethereum Wallet Private Key from your Ethereum Wallet and copy it over to your script.`

**deploy**: `yarn run goerliWriterDeploy` or `yarn run goerliEventWriterDeploy`
            `yarn run mainnetWriterDeploy` or `yarn run mainnetEventWriterDeploy`

- configuration is provided to deploy on ropsten and mainnet as well (see `hardhat.config.js`)
- for a list of all available scripts look at the file `package.json`

Commit message:

Elaborate on the steps to use the already deployed EventWriter contract

README.md, after:

# DataSymmetry
Target: Store SHA3 - 512bit (64Byte) on the Ethereum Blockchain.

**Context**: To be able to proof ownership over data, it is essential to entanglement the data with Account and Time to be able to put Data into Spacetime.
This is a MVP which proofs that the owner of the Wallet (Account) wrote a SHA3 Hash of a data structure to the main-chain and with it entangles it with time through the transaction done and witnessed on the Ethereum Blockchain. The SHA3 Hash can be the result of a file or a merkle-tree. With the source data statically stored and preserved it is possible to proof the existence and potential ownership over that digital asset.

## Dependencies
1. yarn command line tool;
2. sha3sum command line tool (-a 512) $FILENAME
3. [Alchemy API Key](https://dashboard.alchemyapi.io/) or access to an Ethereum node for advanced users;
4. [Ethereum Wallet e.g. Metamask](https://metamask.io/download) (Recommended: Metamask);
5. [Blockchain Explorer e.g. Etherscan.io](https://etherscan.io/)
6. Top up your Ethereum Wallet to be able to pay for transactions by using a Faucet for a test network or by using real Ether for mainnet deployment.

# Use existing event writer contract

IMPORTANT: You don't need to deploy the contract to the mainnet as it already is deployed and can be used under the 
Smart Contract address: 0x45f59310ADD88E6d23ca58A0Fa7A55BEE6d2a611.

The steps are:
1. Make sure you have the Metamask extension ready in your web browser.
2. Generate the SHA3 hash of your file. On a Linux command line, you can do `sha3sum -a 512 $FILENAME`. Alternatively, to obtain the SHA3 of a text, you can do it online at [Generate SHA3 Online](https://www.browserling.com/tools/sha3-hash).
3. To prepare for the input to the smart contract, for a SHA3 64 Byte Hash you need to split it in two 32 byte pieces and provide them in the correct format for the smart contract to accept your input. You can do it online at [Count Characters Online](https://www.charactercountonline.com/).
4. Go to https://etherscan.io/address/0x45f59310ADD88E6d23ca58A0Fa7A55BEE6d2a611#writeContract.
5. Connect to Web3 (choose Metamask).
6. In the input field ("data (bytes32[2])"), enter the two 32 byte pieces in the format of [0x$HEXVALUE32BYTE1,0x$HEXVALUE32BYTE2]

# Deploy your own (event) writer contract

## Test
`yarn run test`

## Deploy
### Local test environment
**prepare**: get a local node with `npm run node` 

**deploy**: `yarn run testWriterDeploy` or `yarn run testEventWriterDeploy`

### Ropsten
**prepare**: replace `ALCHEMY_API_KEY` and `ROPSTEN_PRIVATE_KEY`* in `hardhat.config.js`
`*You need to export a Ethereum Wallet Private Key from your Ethereum Wallet and copy it over to your script.`

**deploy**: `yarn run goerliWriterDeploy` or `yarn run goerliEventWriterDeploy`
            `yarn run mainnetWriterDeploy` or `yarn run mainnetEventWriterDeploy`

- configuration is provided to deploy on ropsten and mainnet as well (see `hardhat.config.js`)
- for a list of all available scripts look at the file `package.json`
